I also want to point out that part of the drama in the Vampire setting is the Beast. Notice the capital letter. It's its own entity, it responds in a very predictable way. Someone insults you, even if you mentally know it's meaningless to you, your Beast gets MAD. That's why you have self control as a stat. Things that agitate your Beast are part of the fundamental internal conflict in every vampire and have an important place in the game.

The Beast does not have a sense of humor, the beast doesn't give a fuck if your funny or if you can sing a pretty tune. The Beast cares about hunting, killing, feeding, and dominance. A social chop for an insult resulting in frenzy isn't targeting the character it's targeting the character's Beast, which the character then has to control. A social chop to be a certain way is fine. Be as funny as 13 socials can be, but a character's reaction to that is as variable as the characters themselves, because it is the character responding not the Beast. Controling the Beast is a point of tension and difficulty in everyone's unlives, but controling your character's response to a joke should not be.

I just also want to acknowledge the absurdity of putting mechanics on making people laugh in a world of darkenss game. I think if we are forcing people to laugh at jokes we are loosing something in the setting itself. I don't know about the rest of you but my characters struggle with their Beasts, with the loss of their humanity, and coming to terms wth the monster they have become. It should be a given that they may have a hard time finding humor in the things that they may have once.

So. My character wouldn't laugh. Why? Not because I'm trying to be an unfair edge-lord, but because my character is living in a horror story which he can't escape from, fighting with a barely contained Beast that is trying to tear the throats out of everybody I see and I'm just trying to live one more night without beoming the ravening animal that lurks in the depths of my blood. Compared to that jokes just don't have the power they might have when I was still a mortal.